Auto temp file delete (#340)
talent-plan/tinykv: doc/project2-RaftKV.md

> - You can apply the committed Raft log entries in an asynchronous way just like TiKV does. It’s not necessary, though a big challenge to improve performance.
> - Record the callback of the command when proposing, and return the callback after applying.
> - For the snap command response, should set badger Txn to callback explicitly.

> > - After 2A, some tests you may need to repeat to find bugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - After 2A, you may need to run some tests multiple times to find bugs
```
